I ask you all to rise diplomats in the
UN Security Council pause for a moment
of silence for Aid workers killed in
Israel's war on Gaza over the past 6
months after the reflection the focus
shifted to the work of unra and Israel's
attempt to dismantle and discredit it
the government of Israel seeks to end
un's
activities the agencies request to
deliver Aid to the north are repeatedly
denied our staff are barred from
coordination meetings between Israel and
humanitarian actors lazarini said Israel
is also limiting unrest staff movements
in the West Bank and it's becoming
increasingly difficult to keep schools
and health centers there open Israel's
ambassador to the UN said unra should be
defunded and shut down anra is creating
a sea of Palestinian
refugees millions of them indoctrinated
to believe that Israel belongs to them
calls for unas closure are not about
adherence to humanitarian
principles this calls are about ending
the refugee status of million of
Palestinian accusation that un
deliberately perpetuates Refugee status
a for false and dishonest the agency
exists because a political solution does
not before the meeting Jordan's foreign
minister said Israel's attempts to
dismantle unra go back many years long
before October 7 onra has been the
target of a political assassination
campaign uh by an Israeli government
that wants to do so in order to uh kill
uh the uh Palestinian refugees issue in
January Israel accused 12 unrest staff
members of taking part in the October
7th attack to this day Israel has
provided no evidence to back up those
claims to either the head of unra or to
the UN Secretary General nevertheless
the Secretary General has ordered two
investigations into the matter one is
concluded and the results are expected
to be released publicly on Monday
Gabriel oando Al jazer at the United
Nations in New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer